- [Instructor] Dependency Scope is a topic
that every developer using Maven must understand
to prevent issues with the way that artifacts are packaged
and as such we will spend some time here talking about Scope
The first Scope that we will talk about is Compile Scope.
The Compile Scope is the default scope
for all dependencies if not otherwise specified.
As such, if you do not specify Scope,
the dependency will always be compile.
The compile dependency is always available
in all ClassPath loaders that the artifact is in
or that it goes through.
All of your tests whether it's test compile,
test execution, compilation, runtime,
all of those class letters,
the compile skill participates in.
It is also propagated to other dependency trees
when the artifact specifying it as a dependency
in another artifact.
This is called a transit of dependency.
And by far this is the most common dependency type
that you will deal with.
Now provided dependencies are a special case
that we see usually in Enterprise scenarios.
For the perspective of the artifact itself,
the dependency is similar to compile.
However, it is in packaging and operations
where we see the difference.
When the artifact is packaged,
we will not see the provided dependency in say the war
but instead are expecting the application server
or a runtime to provide the dependency for us,
hence provided skill.
We will only see the dependency on the runtime
and test ClassPath.
Because of the nature of cloud computing,
we don't usually see this in cloud native applications
because it violates the 12-factor principle
but we do see it in large-scale Enterprise deployments
where the application servers provides jars to the runtime.
These dependencies are not transitive.
Runtime dependencies are useful
when you have multiple implementations of an API.
The runtime dependency is only needed for execution.
They are not needed for compilation.
These are only seen in the runtime and test classpaths
when the code is actually executed.
Test Scope dependencies are useful
to reduce the size of the artifact.
These are the artifacts that are only needed for testing.
As they are only available during test compilation
and test execution.
Most of your testing and marking frameworks
are specified as test dependencies
and if you're not specifying 'em as such,
you might want to reconsider what you are doing.
These are not transitive
as they should never reconsider part
of the final project.
Now there are a couple other scopes
but they are much less common.
The first is System Scope
and this is similar to provided,
only you have to specify the location on the system
where the jar is because it's not provided by the container.
Import Scope only applies to POM files
when using them for dependency management
outside the context of the parent POM.
The most clear example that I can think of is this,
is the way that you'd reference the spring platform
if you just want to use it for dependency management
but not as part of your parent POM.
That's really a high-level run down of scopes.
Of course the Maven documentation on the Maven website
is infinitely more descriptive
of all of the nuances of these scopes.